we're currently in Wadi Gaza the last
point that connects the northern with
the southern Gaza Strip and here are
hundreds of Palestinian refugees that
evacuated from the Northern Area to the
southern area of the Gaza Strip we have
been asking the families why did you
evacuate after 141
days I decided to leave after 14 days
because of the lack of food we were
eating animal feed life is not livable
in the north we reach a moment where we
don't fear Israel anymore and We Don't
Fear The Siege we only fear
starvation there was no food there was
nothing over there I'm 61 and I've never
seen such a catastrophe I was eating
barley this is the food for donkeys but
here on this street is Hope where palis
families in the southern area have been
waiting for the people who evacuated
from the Northern Area and they're
giving them free food and free
Transportation so they can reach the
safe area we talked to a lot of people
who evacuated from the north today they
told us that they had to walk the
hallway from the Gaza City to here they
said that they left their houses at 6:00
a.m. in the morning and they made it
here at 11 they said that there's a
checkpoint people are arrested are
integrated and people were also forced
to take their clothes off while they
were integrated by the Israeli forces we
saw a mother that was crying because her
son was arrested she told us they took
him and she said that she won't know
when is the next time she's going to see
her
son make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer